// Compost colors for pamhc2foodcore. You may add your own colors, change existing ones, or remove colors that aren't needed.
applejellyitem, #ffffff
applejellytoastitem, #f1d27d
applejuiceitem, #cdcfb8
applepieitem, #feeadd
applesauceitem, #b57d3a
applesmoothieitem, #dac6a2
appleyogurtitem, #fff5dc
baconandeggsitem, #ffcc90
baconcheeseburgeritem, #d28730
bakedvegetablemedlyitem, #b49062
bakewareitem, #ffffff
basiccheeseburgeritem, #d08c33
basicchickensandwichitem, #e1a241
basicfishsandwichitem, #e3a846
basichamburgeritem, #be792c
batteritem, #ffffff
beefjerkyitem, #86513a
boiledeggitem, #ffe886
butteredbakedpotatoitem, #b4a46e
butteritem, #ffffff
caramelappleitem, #af4b1e
caramelcupcakeitem, #fff09b
caramelicecreamitem, #ccae93
caramelitem, #c98d36
caramelmuffinitem, #d2b99d
caramelyogurtitem, #ffffe4
carrotbreaditem, #b25b22
carrotcakeitem, #dd8d40
carrotcupcakeitem, #fffff0
carrotmuffinitem, #d9bf84
carrotsoupitem, #9d722c
cheesecakeitem, #fff1be
cheeseitem, #ffe079
chickendinneritem, #da9e54
chickenjerkyitem, #c0896c
chickennuggetitem, #eb8e26
chickenpotpieitem, #e6d09a
chocolatebaconitem, #b69379
chocolatebaritem, #5f300f
chocolatecakeitem, #694a1b
chocolatecaramelfudgeitem, #7f4d23
chocolatecupcakeitem, #e6ded4
chocolatedonutitem, #cdb18e
chocolateicecreamitem, #b18a5c
chocolatemuffinitem, #b29679
chocolatepuddingitem, #d7d2c2
chocolaterollitem, #b28968
chocolateyogurtitem, #ffffea
cocoapowderitem, #fff1e0
cookedgroundbeefitem, #786141
cookedgroundchickenitem, #b89d79
cookedgroundfishitem, #5b5b4a
cookedgroundmuttonitem, #87795f
cookedgroundporkitem, #b17f75
cookedgroundrabbititem, #6c4d22
cookiesandmilkitem, #d7cdc2
cookingoilitem, #e4e6ac
cottoncandyitem, #895875
crackeritem, #ffea9a
creamitem, #f4eeed
cuttingboarditem, #dd8955
donutitem, #ffedc6
doughitem, #ffffe7
epicbaconitem, #faeed6
fishandchipsitem, #c9b254
fishjerkyitem, #6b4b41
fishsticksitem, #b46612
flouritem, #ffffff
freshmilkitem, #ffeedc
freshwateritem, #f0e3d7
friedchickenitem, #cc866f
friedeggitem, #ffffdd
friesitem, #fff48a
fruitcrumbleitem, #a58e55
fruitpunchitem, #daa7bb
fruitsaladitem, #9d703c
glazedcarrotsitem, #bf9d40
glowberryjellyitem, #ded0ca
glowberryjellytoastitem, #ffe370
glowberryjuiceitem, #e0d4c0
glowberrypieitem, #e6c98c
glowberrysmoothieitem, #ffc386
glowberryyogurtitem, #fffcdd
grilledcheeseitem, #fff2a7
grinderitem, #877f73
groundbeefitem, #fcccbe
groundchickenitem, #f09a7d
groundfishitem, #ebc9c3
groundmuttonitem, #bf7664
groundporkitem, #ffdedd
groundrabbititem, #a44a26
gummybearsitem, #9a8d54
hotchocolateitem, #fffbe7
hotdogitem, #fbaa61
icecreamitem, #d6c2b1
jellybeansitem, #9aab70
jellydonutitem, #ffffe3
juiceritem, #ffffff
macncheeseitem, #b57a32
marshmellowchicksitem, #ffffbb
marshmellowsitem, #ffffff
mashedpotatoesitem, #c0a173
mayonaiseitem, #ffffff
meatloafitem, #ead0c3
melonjellyitem, #ffffff
melonjellytoastitem, #fbac83
melonjuiceitem, #d7afbf
melonsmoothieitem, #e7978e
mixingbowlitem, #6f541f
muttonjerkyitem, #936855
noodlesoupitem, #af834d
p8juiceitem, #c98ca1
pastaitem, #ffffb9
pickledbeetsitem, #e6309b
porkjerkyitem, #bb6e69
potatochipsitem, #ffff98
potatosoupitem, #b28651
potitem, #ff8c66
potroastitem, #a06632
pumpkinbreaditem, #965b19
pumpkincheesecakeitem, #e3ac41
pumpkincupcakeitem, #ffffed
pumpkinmuffinitem, #d2b48a
pumpkinsoupitem, #b46f19
pumpkinyogurtitem, #ffffd9
rabbitjerkyitem, #7a401e
roastedsunflowerseedsitem, #a06e5e
rolleritem, #9a732c
saltitem, #ffffff
saucepanitem, #e7825b
scrambledeggitem, #ffffcf
skilletitem, #da7246
smoresitem, #ffe79d
softpretzelitem, #de9b3a
stewitem, #a27034
stockitem, #b5986b
sunflowerseedsitem, #ffffff
sweetberryjellyitem, #ffffff
sweetberryjellytoastitem, #fba290
sweetberryjuiceitem, #c294ae
sweetberrypieitem, #deb587
sweetberrysmoothieitem, #a26b70
sweetberryyogurtitem, #ffebdc
toastitem, #8d6e28
trailmixitem, #9a6f69
vinegaritem, #ddd3eb
yogurtitem, #fffffa
