// Compost colors for wizards_reborn. You may add your own colors, change existing ones, or remove colors that aren't needed.
advanced_air_crystal, #fffff4
advanced_earth_crystal, #fffff5
advanced_fire_crystal, #ffffee
advanced_void_crystal, #ffffff
advanced_water_crystal, #ffffff
air_crystal, #ffffff
air_crystal_growth, #ffffff
air_crystal_seed, #ffffff
arcacite, #cc6570
arcacite_amulet, #d6847d
arcacite_ring, #f7ab93
arcane_gold_axe, #fffefb
arcane_gold_boots, #ea9b89
arcane_gold_chestplate, #fcaf94
arcane_gold_helmet, #f2a48d
arcane_gold_hoe, #fff0f0
arcane_gold_ingot, #ffffea
arcane_gold_leggings, #eb9d89
arcane_gold_nugget, #ffffff
arcane_gold_pickaxe, #ffe3e0
arcane_gold_scythe, #fee1de
arcane_gold_shovel, #ffffff
arcane_gold_sword, #fff5e0
arcane_linen, #ffffea
arcane_linen_seeds, #ffffff
arcane_wand, #ffffff
arcane_wood_boat, #b99b9e
arcane_wood_branch, #d4bec0
arcane_wood_chest_boat, #835c46
arcane_wood_door, #edd9dc
arcane_wood_hanging_sign, #7d5b5e
arcane_wood_mortar, #754d52
arcane_wood_sapling, #ffffff
arcane_wood_sign, #7d555a
arcanemicon, #dabfbc
arcanum, #ffffff
arcanum_amulet, #c6a2b4
arcanum_dust, #ffffff
arcanum_ring, #f2b4a1
black_arcane_lumos, #ffffff
blue_arcane_lumos, #ffffff
brown_arcane_lumos, #ffffff
cooperation_banner_pattern, #fffff1
cosmic_arcane_lumos, #ffffff
cyan_arcane_lumos, #ffffff
earth_crystal, #fbffff
earth_crystal_growth, #fbffff
earth_crystal_seed, #ffffff
elder_mor, #ffffff
elevation_banner_pattern, #fffff1
faceted_air_crystal, #ffffff
faceted_earth_crystal, #faffff
faceted_fire_crystal, #fffbfe
faceted_void_crystal, #ffffff
faceted_water_crystal, #ffffff
fire_crystal, #ffffff
fire_crystal_growth, #ffffff
fire_crystal_seed, #ffffff
fractured_air_crystal, #ffffff
fractured_earth_crystal, #ffffff
fractured_fire_crystal, #ffffff
fractured_void_crystal, #ffffff
fractured_water_crystal, #ffffff
gray_arcane_lumos, #ffffff
green_arcane_lumos, #ffffff
ground_brown_mushroom, #c29476
ground_crimson_fungus, #de4034
ground_elder_mor, #8e9398
ground_mor, #a8a8c0
ground_red_mushroom, #ff7564
ground_warped_fungus, #4d9b87
hunger_banner_pattern, #fffff1
leather_belt, #d2b4ac
light_blue_arcane_lumos, #ffffff
light_gray_arcane_lumos, #ffffff
lime_arcane_lumos, #ffffff
magenta_arcane_lumos, #ffffff
masterful_air_crystal, #fffffa
masterful_earth_crystal, #fafffb
masterful_fire_crystal, #fffff4
masterful_void_crystal, #ffffff
masterful_water_crystal, #ffffff
mor, #ffffff
orange_arcane_lumos, #ffffff
petals, #d3a2ac
pink_arcane_lumos, #ffffff
pure_air_crystal, #ffffff
pure_earth_crystal, #eeffff
pure_fire_crystal, #ffffff
pure_void_crystal, #fbffff
pure_water_crystal, #feffff
purple_arcane_lumos, #ffffff
rainbow_arcane_lumos, #ffffff
raw_arcane_gold, #ffb597
red_arcane_lumos, #ffffff
reproduction_banner_pattern, #fffff1
survival_banner_pattern, #fffff1
violence_banner_pattern, #fffff1
void_crystal, #ffffff
void_crystal_growth, #ffffff
void_crystal_seed, #ffffff
water_crystal, #ffffff
water_crystal_growth, #ffffff
water_crystal_seed, #ffffff
white_arcane_lumos, #ffffff
wissen_wand, #f4eaf4
yellow_arcane_lumos, #ffffff
